Store code-samples logs into a report file (#2162)
meilisearch/documentation: .vuepress/code-samples/README.MD

### Development mode

When the documentation is running in development mode: `yarn dev`, the fetching is only done on the local sample file that contains the `cURL` examples.

### Report page

> When the documentation is build using the build command: `yarn build`, a file reporting the missing sample ID's in the different SDK is generated. The file contains a table with all the samples ID and their presence in all SDK's.
> 
> The file is located at the root of the `.vuepress/code-samples` directory and is named `missing-samples.report.md`.
> The file is served in public and can be visited on the `/sample-report` route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building the website using `yarn build`, we generate a file reporting the missing code sample IDs in the different SDKs. This file is called `missing-samples.report.md` and is located at the root of the `.vuepress/code-samples` directory.

You can access it using the `/sample-report` route.
```
